okay this is a situation where you have
a phone system a phone line along with
the Internet so here's a router an
example of a router first thing you want
to do is remove power from the router
it's usually a small black brown
connector just pull it out next since
the modem has battery backup because
there's a phone line we can't simply
remove the power the modem usually is a
larger box has the cable coming from the
outside plugged into it it has a network
connection going into it and power in
the case of the one with the battery we
have to go and look for the reset hole
in the back in this case there is a
small hole above the network connector
we have to take a small item like a
paperclip and just push it and release
it what's going to happen is that all
the lights on the front are gonna go out
the notice is only one light now we're
waiting for the modem to reconnect with
the ISP
the lights will start to blink in a
sequence as it reconnects
when it has reestablished its connection
all the lights will be stable they'll be
knowable more blinking at this point we
will reconnect the router simply put the
power plug back in place the router will
now do a similar thing with the modem
and reconnect itself once all the lights
on the router of Reese Therese tabled
are establish themselves you should be
back on the network